Update google-ads-event-streaming.md (#309)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/google-ads-event-streaming.md

    This feature is in Closed Beta and is in active development. Contact your Amplitude Client Success Manager for support with this integration.

> Amplitude Data's Google Ads integration enables you to stream your Amplitude event data straight to Google Ads with just a few clicks. Click [here](https://www.loom.com/share/852d1cf72ebf44f18c64aa763450651a) for a detailed guide on how to setup this Google Ads Streaming integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplitude's Google Ads integration enables you to stream your Amplitude event data to Google Ads. For more information, see a [Loom video](https://www.loom.com/share/852d1cf72ebf44f18c64aa763450651a) with detailed information about configuring this Google Ads Streaming integration.
```
